Quick Fix: Release Notes (#1827)
astronomer/docs: astro/release-notes.md

### Bug fixes 

> - When you mark a task as **Success** or **Cleared** in a Deployment's Airflow UI, you are now correctly redirected to the DAG's **Tree** view instead of the **DAGs** homepage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When you mark a task for a Deployment as **Success** or **Cleared** in the Airflow UI, you are now correctly redirected to the DAG **Tree** view instead of the **DAGs** homepage.
```
